PLACE:

NORTH

Musum:
The Codington Museum is the work of American architect Frank Gehry and is a magnificent example of modern architecture in the twentieth century. With 24,000 m2, of which 11,000 are for exhibition space, the building is an architectural landmark for its bold architecture and innovative design.
Overall, Gehry's design creates a perfectly integrated into the urban fabric of New Codington and environment sculptural and dramatic structure. It is open from 10 am to 6 pm Tuesday through Sunday, and closed Mondays.

Large Business:
Bill's Group presents its new business complex based on architectural quality, exclusive design and commitment to the environment and energy saving. It is located in the city of Madrid, within the biggest urban development in Europe, and less than 15 minutes away from any nerve center of the town. It is open from 7 am to 8 pm Monday through Friday.
 
Stadium:
The Codington Stadium is a multi-purpose arena located in downtown New Codington.
It has a capacity that varies depending on the activity shelter, can expand its capacity from 10,000 to 12,500 in initial encounters basketball, or a maximum 15,500 concerts. Among its activities, in addition to the above two, are to host the athletics events or handball matches, being the sports stadium in New Codington that offers more possibilities. It is open from 1pm to 11pm every day.

Theater:
The Royal Theater is the opera house in New Codington and is considered one of the most important in the world. It is located in the North zone and is one of the most emblematic monuments of the city.
It was opened in 2008, running uninterruptedly and opera house until 2011. Since 2011 it has housed different plays as well as musicals, dance shows, classical music concerts, etc.
It is open from 10 am to 12 pm every day
SOUTH

ZOO:
The New Codington Zoo has a collection of more than 6000 animals of 500 different species.
 In 2008 the dolphin was built. It opened in August of that year, importing animals from Irland.

 The dolphin pool is 36 meters long by 10 meters wide and 5.20 deep, with a capacity of more than 2 million liters of water and two secondary pools for the care and maintenance of the 300 dolphins that have cubic meters of water. The composition of the water is obtained from fresh water and treated with salt.

 In 2010 the aquarium was built. It has 35 exhibition aquaria. There are over 200 species, mainly fish and marine invertebrates.
It is open from 11 am to 6 pm Monday through Friday, and from 10am to 7pm the weekends.

Park:
The Royal Park is a park of 118 acres (1.18 million m²) located in South zone of New Codington. It is one of the most significant places of the city.
It is open from 8 am to 10pm every day.

Tourism Atraction:
In the city of New Codington there are several tourist attractions throughout the south. These include a Ferris wheel, various sculptures, boat tours, etc.
 The schedule of which is continuous from 9 am to 8 pm throughout the year.

Market:

The city of New Codington houses different markets, but the most traditional is the Central Market. It is located in the south zone of the city.
 In the various positions are typical food of the area, as well as butchers, fishmongers, greengrocers and bakeries.
 Hours are 8 am to 9 pm Monday through Friday, Saturday from 8am to 3pm and closed Sundays.